Teacher test cases 
Testing read quiz 
	1.	Click Read Quiz 
	2.	Enter quiz name in text field next to the enter button and press enter 
	3.	The quiz entered should appear 
	4.	When done press Return 
	5.	Should return to teacher menu  
Testing create quiz 
	1.	Click Create Quiz 
	2.	Enter a quiz name in the text field next to the enter button and press enter 
	3.	Enter 1 for a multiple choice question and press enter 
	4.	Enter the question and press enter 
	5.	Enter the first multiple choice answer and press enter 
	6.	Enter the second multiple choice answer and press enter 
	7.	Enter the third multiple choice answer and press enter 
	8.	Enter the fourth multiple choice answer and press enter 
	9.	When prompted for entering another question enter y and hit enter 
	10.	You should be given the same 1-3 question choices as before 
	11.	Enter 2 and press enter for a free response question 
	12.	Enter the question and press enter
	13.	You should be prompted if you want to add another question 
	14.	Enter y and press enter 
	15.	Enter 3 and press enter for a fill in the blank question 
	16.	Enter your question and press enter 
	17.	When prompted to add another question enter n and press enter 
	18.	You should be asked to randomize, enter y and press enter 
	19.	You should be told the quiz was randomized and asked to enter a course for the quiz, enter the course name and press enter 
	20.	Once done press return, you should be returned to the teacher menu  
Testing delete quiz 
	1.	Press Delete Quiz 
	2.	Enter the quiz you wish to delete in the text field next to the delete button 
	3.	Press the enter button and the text should change to say it was successfully deleted. 
	4.	Once done press return, you should be returned to the teacher menu  
Testing modify quiz 
	1.	Press Modify Quiz 
	2.	Enter the quiz you want to modify in the text field area next to the enter button and press enter.
	3.	Make any changes you wish anywhere in the text area containing the quiz 
	4.	Once done press enter to submit changes and then click return to go back to the teacher menu  
Testing grade quiz 
	1.	Press Grade Quiz 
	2.	Enter the quiz you wish to grade in the text field next to enter and press enter 
	3.	The quiz should appear with spaces to enter points 
	4.	Enter the points and when done press enter to submit changes, then click return to go back to the teacher menu.  
Testing quit 
	1.	Press Quit, program should close  
 
Login 
Testing Register and edit account 
	1.	Press button to Register Here 
	2.	Enter username and password, then press submit 
	3.	You will then prompted to edit or delete account 
	4.	Press edit account 
	5.	Enter in new username or a password 
	6.	Press enter 
	7.	Next prompt should be student or teacher  
Testing login and delete account 
	1.	Enter credentials and press submit 
	2.	Press delete account 
	3.	Account should be successfully deleted if exists  
 
Student 
Testing read quiz 
	1.	After logging in press student for which account type this is. 
	2.	You will be prompted with an enter quiz name and two buttons, read quiz and take quiz 
	3.	Enter the quiz name and press read quiz 
	4.	You will see the contents of the quiz you entered  
Testing take quiz 
	5.	After logging in press student for which account type this is. 
	6.	You will be prompted with an enter quiz name and two buttons, read quiz and take quiz 
	7.	Enter the quiz name and press take quiz 
	8.	You will see the quiz questions and possible answers to them 
	9.	You will then be able to answer the question and possibly add files 
